Hello, insert audience name.
It is I, Host the Animal, and I am here to verb your... body parts?
Damn, my producer wrote me a weird-ass intro this week.
I'm gonna wing this one, y'all.
Greetings, audience members.
It is I, Wolf the Dog, and I am here to gobble your biscuits and... bake... some... some biscuits.
This shit's too hard, man.
Let's skip to the fan stuff, why don't we?
This blessed edition of Howlin' with Wolf is from Cyrus, GW, in Snellville, Georgia,
who tweeted about the show and tagged "@pretendingpod",
a thing you could easily do right now.
Like, so easily.
Just fuckin' do it, dude.
Just type, I listen to "@pretendingpod", and you should, too, if you're nasty enough to handle it.
And tweet. See? Easy.
Be like Cyrus, GW, in Snellville, Georgia.
Cyrus, GW, writes,
Dear Dog,
The only thing that keeps me happy is my favorite DJ Dog the Wolf along with his dog, Wolf,
who plays me sweet new tunes every other week.
I'd like to shout out Becca, Kim, Chris, and Kristen for introducing me to TTRPGs,
and Kane, Ellie, Charlie, Alex, Other Alex, and Emile for lettin' me haunt them with my TTRPG ideas,
which I hope to do again soon.
Wait a second.
This is Dog the Wolf, right?
The wolf that eats my recyclables?
Or is this the wrong number?
Either way, fuck Zuck Markleburg.
Did you just call me Dog?
The wolf?
Get the freakin' hell out of here, buddy.
Thanks for the email, pal.
Hope you have a good one, friend.
And hey, you know what?
I would never chow down on any recyclables.
Only burgeoning bags with bountiful biomass for this beautiful babe.
If you want to write up something for your wolf to howl,
tag at PretendingPod on Instagram or Twitter,
tag PretendingToBePeople on Facebook,
or write up a five-star review on the podcast app of your choice and send it on over,
or make that review a clear message to your wolfie,
and I might just howl it out because of the things you say about little ol' me.
Mmm, I'd like that.
Also, I don't want to be weird about money, but you should sign up for the Patreon.
Hey, it keeps my throat wet with that good, good sloppy juice,
so I can keep howling with the lush flow of words you hear now.
And second, you'll get immediate access to 41 exclusive bonus episodes
on the contention confidential RSS feed.
Y'all know what RSS means, right?
Really super stuff.
The most recent three episodes are the kickoff to a Patreon-exclusive campaign
run by Thomas and sit in the holler outside a contention in the aftermath of season one.
It has been an absolute blast.
Joe, Luke, and Zach are playing members of the Pettymore family
searching for the lost treasure of John Lee Pettymore.
If that sounds rad as fuck, and that's because it is,
and if you're looking for a link, the links are in the show notes.
And speaking of links, what y'all know about sausages?
It's, uh, it's time for the news.
Last time, Shelly St. Blythe, Jimmy Corrigan, Vincent T. Bory, and Meat Hook
went to the main offices of Holy Cow Farms, set off the alarms,
called Bowery Security, found a few different options for leads,
and viewed some strange security footage of Dr. Brock Hargrave and his missing co-worker.
With sirens in the distance, they bailed in the weirdest and most chaotic way possible.
They called up Aurin and Aaron Strummer from Strummer's Resonating Crystals,
who are purveyors of crystals and crystal meth, respectively,
and they learned that Dr. Brock Hargrave has been a... smoking meth, I guess?
That's wild. He seemed like he had a good head on his shoulders, good gut instincts.
Guess not.
And Aaron mentioned that Hargrave has been digging holes out by the Zeitgeist,
an abandoned space needle copycat in the city.
Taking us now to what is hopefully the most dysfunctional group at the cowboy's disposal,
it's Hudson Freeman with Muscles R. Springs.
🎵
🎵 They fed some consolation 🎵
🎵 I was thinking the same thing 🎵
🎵 I am now mechanization 🎵
🎵 All my muscles work like springs 🎵
And with that... I promised.
They promised really put me on the spot.
They made a promise to me.
They made a promise to the boys. Welcome to episode three of this short arc
with our guest player, Becca Scott.
Woo!
Oh, hello.
She came back for a third episode.
I debated. You know?
I thought about, what happens if I never come back?
That's right.
You just walk away. End of the night.
Meat Hook just dipped in her sewer and... who knows?
Did she wash into the ocean? Was there a rainstorm?
Did she find some other way to get electricity?
Or the hole?
I think Fishface had something to do with it.
There's your cue.
What? Oh, sorry. What?
Fishface, you're here in the intro?
Oh yeah, here I'm in the intro and I think I can hang out for a second.
Well, you don't need to be here until we call in.
Okay, bye.
Wow.
The longest amount of time Fishface ever went without someone telling him to leave.
I got a William H. Macy face on because that shit...
Oh boy, it was shameless.
Let's get into this. We've got a lot of...
I was trying to get through his filmography.
Because that shit was Fargo.
And so, this group was headed to the zeitgeist.
I want a quick rundown of the interior of this stretch,
Escalade, as well as the...
Were we headed to the zeitgeist?
I thought we specifically said we were saving that for last
and there was another place to go, but I may be wrong.
You said that first.
Right, we called...
Let the DM direct it where the story is.
Don't tell him he's giving away where he wants us to go next.
Strummer's Resonating Crystals was called
and I think after that phone conversation with both Aaron and Arin Strummer...
Vincente is going to make a little more money after this.
That's right.
The phone call with him, I think, pointed us more strongly towards the zeitgeist.
Yeah, he was doing some digging out there.
Oh right, we were going to go...
And there's a telescope in the top.
Does anyone want luck for whoever says the name of whoever's doing the digging first?
Dr. Brock Hargrave.
Ooh, so close.
Sam Luke gets luck.
Luck.
Hey, I'll split it with you.
We each have half a luck.
That sounds useful.
So the way that we use luck in this game is you can spend luck if you have luck
or you don't have luck.
It's like a switch that's turned on or off.
And when you do have luck, you can turn your luck off by changing a dice roll
and you change the dice roll just by switching the numbers.
So if it's critical...
Just like real life.
Numbers match.
So you can't ever use luck on a crit.
That is a fun little wrinkle in this.
But if you've got a 50 and you roll a 54, you can use luck and make it a 45 and pass.
Boomtown.
Yeah, I know math. I'm with you.
And because you're our guest player, I'll give you luck as well.
Our listeners are not educated people, so...
Oh, I see.
Let's get this luck economy off the ground.
And for the wonderful, wonderful role-playing in the last couple episodes as me took,
I would like to award a luck here to Becca.
You're brown-nosing.
No luck for the other two, but you'll get it quickly.
Sorry, I am half a luck.
Oh, that's right. That's my bad.
We'll see how that's spent later, I guess.
Probably going to give it back to Luke.
So give me the rundown.
Who looks like what?
Who's doing what?
Who's driving what?
Who's driving what on these dark, dark roads?
Heading out to the outskirts of the city, out away from downtown, out away from the district,
where the office building was that you just strangled a random cleaner, threw them in their own van,
headed inside, set off the alarms, called the alarm company, made it worse,
and then talked to a security guard and talked to the woman who you knocked out.
She saw some of your faces and saw your stretch.
Dorothy.
Yeah, Dorothy saw your stretch escalate drive away as well and left her there,
headed off into the night to the zeitgeist.
I mean, not only did you talk to the security guard, you got up to some legitimate escapades.
Yeah, I sent them off after the tall, I think shirtless, long fingernailed.
I remember the long person.
But you also got there in the first place by running two blocks away to fire gunshots and draw their attention.
Right.
Because the rest of us got winded on the stairs.
Carrie and Joe's character.
Well, I think Vincente is sitting in one of the many seats in this stretch escalate,
and he's pouring Perrier in champagne flutes for the three people in?
I'm in there, yeah.
I guess five.
I'm pouring one for Goomba, the driver, and also for Fishface.
Hey, thank you.
I really appreciate that.
Oh, hey, thank you.
Oh, you can't pour a drink for the...
Well, you know what?
It's your game.
It's a Perrier.
You can drink it.
Meat Hook is poised on the floor of the Escalade because she's not used to riding in style like this
and kind of looks like a cat with tape stuck to her.
I'll take that champagne though.
Thank you.
It's Perrier, but he just hands it to her.
Oh, but now that she mentions it, is there perhaps a spirit or two in the car here with us?
She chugs it.
Has she ever had spicy water before?
You mean like a bottle of whiskey a night or just carbonated water?
Carbonated water.
I think not if there wasn't cola as well.
Yeah, this is new.
Like only if the syrup had run out.
This is the smoothest champagne I've ever stolen.
I didn't steal this one though.
To answer Shelly's question, Vincente just kind of motions towards the back, which is like a double door refrigerator.
Double door refrigerator?
Double door refrigerator.
Shelly finds the gin and starts pouring himself just a tumbler of straight gin.
Oh, yes, this will calm the nerves.
And what is happening in the Jeep that Jimmy Corrigan?
He's driving hands at 10 and 2, no music.
Oh, no.
Eyes constantly moving.
I was really hoping you would say just silent.
Yeah, just a situational awareness is the most important asset you have at any given time.
Okay, hit me with the mindset. What's running through Jimmy Corrigan's mind?
I bet he's drinking gin in there.
Such situational awareness.
I bet Shelly got to the gin.
I bet the kid thinks Perrier is champagne.
You know that Jimmy fella, he never used to let me drink in the car.
Well, this isn't really a car as much as it is a lifestyle.
This is some lifestyle.
We're used to a kid if we make it out of here.
Luke, not Vincenzi, that's a really good point.
And should we all invest in a stretch Escalade?
For the lifestyle.
You guys are heading to the Zeitgeist, which is an abandoned space needle.
And I think that Dylan B. from Deadwood, South Dakota did an excellent job describing the Zeitgeist.
So I'm just going to go ahead and read this.
It'll give you some backstory, some history of the Zeitgeist within the city that you would all kind of be aware of.
The Zeitgeist is a tower so clearly traced from Seattle's space needle that it hovers an embarrassed wallflower on the outskirts of the city.
It is primarily aesthetic by design and it fulfills this purpose to the detriment of all others.
The free outdoor observation deck has rusted and fallen away into the surrounding woods.
The expensive rotating restaurant is quietly creaked to a halt inside.
Its facade is as weathered and gray, but when the Zeitgeist's lights blink on among the foothills,
the weary citizens of the nearby city will still sometimes prod their children and tell them again that the aliens have come, cresting the horizon.
And the children will laugh or cry or ignore them altogether.
In its heyday, celebration packages included neon mocktails and costumed servers,
the parting gift, a white cotton t-shirt that read,
I was abducted at the Zeitgeist.
The phrase gained notoriety during a series of kidnappings in 2013 and was quietly retired.
I was thinking about turning this place into a t-shirt the whole fucking time you were reading that and then they did it for us.
Yep, they did it.
You don't get any of the profits.
Sorry.
The Zeitgeist is bright and gaudy and it makes no sound.
The forest's silent carnival.
Dylan! Oh my god! Everybody else is fired.
Dylan, where's your podcast?
Yeah, this is your podcast now, Dylan.
It's your podcast.
It's heavy. Good luck.
Did stories of the Zeitgeist play a big part in Meat Hook's formative years?
Actually, Meat Hook was abducted at the Zeitgeist, but only because her parents left her there on purpose.
And after a few weeks of just wandering up and down the elevator, eventually she was abducted by a kind of creepy guy in a van and that was Fishface.
Hey, what's up? Hearing your memory.
What is the age disparity between Meat Hook and Fishface?
Probably like 15 years.
Okay.
I feel more conflicted about pushing this.
Divide about a 2 plus 7 is fine. Bye.
Uh, wow.
Vroom, vroom. We're going.
Dylan really wrote that, huh?
Dylan really wrote that. Good job, Dylan.
And you guys are heading out into...
Into the Zeitgeist.
The grounds are kind of just on a park that is still sometimes used. It's open. However, it is just kind of mostly abandoned.
All of the restrooms haven't been cleaned in ages. The parking lot is overrun with weeds and shit from the bathroom.
Just pouring out, making a flowing river down the hill. It's a long, long hill.
This parking lot is simply on an incline. One should park sideways according to where the parking spots are.
But if you park according to where the parking spots are, you should use a parking brake.
And in this parking lot, you see a turquoise 2001 Ford Escort and no other cars.
I used to drive a Ford Escort. Me too, dude.
Not Meat Hook. Back up.
Meat Hook's never had a car.
It's got Missouri plates somewhere out there.
I had a Ford Escort hatchback.
Mine was a ZX2. I could drive a stick. I assume I still can.
Meat Hook rolls down the window of the Escalade, takes a deep breath, breathing in the sewage, and says,
Smells like home.
Shelley used to party here back when it was in its heyday. Back when it was an actually nice restaurant up top that served those fancy drinks.
Oh my. It's been years since I've been out here. I didn't realize that they let it fall into such a disrepair.
I had such glorious days here.
I've been out here a handful of times. I'm kind of worried that he's digging holes out here.
He might, you know, find a little present we left over the years.
By he, you mean Shelley's nemesis?
Yeah, Mr. Dr. Brock.
Mark McGriff.
And by present, you mean dead bodies?
Who knows?
Got it.
God's gift to the earth.
Well, wasn't it? Okay. Yeah. God's gift anyway. You know, humanity and whatnot. If you believe such things. I don't. I believe we are descended from, well, that's a whole other story.
The planet Krypton.
I'm sorry. Meat Hook used to be explicitly Christian.
Did you not read the entire contract?
Oh yeah, that contract.
We're descended from aliens, but who made the aliens?
Well, I have two theories. One is the lizard government and two is the underground people we're about to become.
And who made both of those?
She goes cross-eyed trying to cross-reference all of her conspiracy theories at once.
It's a heavy summer night and the humidity is weighing on each and every one of you. Kind of each breath almost like you're swimming through it. It's so thick.
It's just quite warm out this evening and the grass is green. Nailed it.
Hey, doc. You're an anthropologist or a paleontologist or some kind of ologist.
If you were out here digging, looking for something, where would you start?
Of course I would start with the ground and if that didn't yield anything, I would move along.
Which area of this ground?
Oh, um, perhaps.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go ahead and roll.
That's a 40 on a 50.
Maybe give out Craig and you can use him like a divining rod.
Incredible.
Craig is not a divining rod. He's one of my actors. He's not some toy to be played with. He puts on serious performances.
I'm sorry that I respected that he had other talents besides just acting, but we'll leave him to it.
Jimmy walks up at this point and he drops a couple bags down and he says,
where I come from, we called him witching rods, but here's the thing. If you want to know where he's dig.
If you want to know where he has dug.
We should probably just look for the holes.
Is the past tense?
Digged.
Did my anthropology role throw me into a spot?
Yeah, absolutely it did.
I believe if I were here and I was leading an excavation, it would be over here. This is where the ground is most disturbed.
Oh, definitely disturbed. You see that there are some mounds that are already like...
Mounded.
Yeah, out of the ground elsewhere.
They've been de-grounded.
Sitting above where they used to be.
You can see here that the dirt has been de-grounded. We should start our search here.
And you continue to look and looking down at the ground, you all kind of notice as your eyes adjust to the dark up in this area that is kind of in a clearing up by the zeitgeist itself.
The trees kind of surround you and looking down, you see mound after mound after mound.
It's like puberty.
And then two holes.
They're at the ends that have not been filled in, but the rest are clearly where the ground was dugged up.
Digged.
And then it was splatted back down, slapped on into the ground.
So hold and un-hold back in?
Fucked and un-fucked.
And I need whoever has SIGINT. If anyone has above basic SIGINT, go ahead and roll that.
That's me even though I forgot what it means.
Signals.
I know signals.
We got a 35 under 40. That's a success.
Fuck yeah, so I failed.
But it doesn't matter. Meat Hook's got my back.
Meat Hook always has your back unless you cross her and then she will stab you in the back six to seven times with her butterfly knife.
Oh I like to hear that.
For a grown man you might need to stab upwards of a dozen times to really put them down.
Well yeah, I'm not trying to kill anybody.
Anything that comes out of your mouth is only making me like you better, kid.
Thanks. Most people find me very off-putting.
Meat Hook, you should join the army. You shouldn't join his criminal organization. It was the best thing I ever did with my life.
I don't follow rules. Too good.
They'll teach you.
No, I don't like being taught things.
Maybe you should join his criminal enterprise.
We don't make you learn anything except how to kill better.
If you need to, we try not to do it all the time though.
It's the 21st century.
The army is the same thing with buddies.
Perhaps you'd like to become an archaeologist?
Look, I got a job. It's called handing out pamphlets and flyers on the street corner and finding out what's really going on.
Which is what we need to do right now. You got a pamphlet for this?
Meat Hook can kind of figure out what's going on right now. Becca, I've shared my screen with you.
I see it.
So this is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten mounds that are completely filled back in and then two empty holes. So twelve total.
Hold on. Stand back. Pretend you're up real high and look at these mounds. Don't you all see it?
There's a backwards L and then a tiny little L and then a little straight line with two mounds.
And then, you know, like an F but missing the other across line.
It's Braille. It says hashtag HCF.
Hashtag?
Is that what it says?
That is what it says. And you would know from your knowledge of signals that when you were using Braille, you put the number sign before letters.
The letters are interacting with numbers on the alphabet in a direct way. So A is one, B is two.
Okay, so H is eight, C is three, and F is six. Someone else figure this out.
Becca, he fucking loves Braille puzzles. He tried to do this shit to me on my 30th birthday while I was on acid.
He's like, figure out this Braille puzzle, motherfucker.
I think it's eight, three, six. A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H. I nailed it. First try.
You absolutely got it. And you also notice that the H, C, and F seem familiar to you for why?
Hard cousin fuckers.
Cousin?
Heart grade.
Heffers. Cheese?
Perhaps if I...
Holy cow farms.
If I put an exclamation point here, there would...
Wait, are the numbers also important, or did you just have her translate it from letters to numbers back to letters?
Translate it back into letters. Genius. A perfect code.
It's just how Braille works, man.
Actually, you know what? I don't even know if that's true. It's how this online Braille translator works.
Nice.
So the numbers did not actually matter? Is that what you're saying?
Everything matters, Joe.
These words also come out of Meat Hook's mouth at the same time that any players may have heard them.
It all has significance, okay? The stars? They were put there to send us messages.
Yeah, you're telling me I saw the stars align into another star with flames and eyes.
And that's how I got here in the first place.
How did we never talk about that? That's a lot.
I don't know. It's why I started my whole moon rock business on the side.
You're talking to the biggest star signal guy in the whole town.
I literally watched and threw my telescope as the stars arranged themselves differently.
And that's how I got wound up in this whole mess.
I'm doing freaking mythical quests on the side while I'm running the family business.
Okay, Vincente. I have to tell you something that may be hard to hear.
Tell me.
You might not be real.
What? What does that even mean?
I don't know. It's just, it came to me.
I think that you could be a figment of our imagination here to tell us a message.
You could be just with the aliens, like they're signposts, you know?
But your intelligence is artificial. Do you ever think about that?
You're the simulation, maybe, man.
Can I roll to see if Vincente wants to literally just-
Roll grip.
If that's true, I do not pass my grip.
Roll a d4.
Because you gave, your option was like believing it.
Two. So I believe it. And I want to, I'll lose two.
I want to think really hard and whatever the first thing that comes to my mind, that is what I believe the message is.
Okay, so what is the internal monologue of Vincente Bory?
First things first, first thing in your mind, mounds on the ground, dirt all around, the space needle above you, the zeitgeist.
We need to get up to the top of the needle and drop something into these holes.
And it'll all make sense.
I'm with you.
You were sent here to tell us that, so I'm with you.
It's not a bad idea.
Vincente then tries to see if he can just float.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Is this a trust fall?
He's doing like the Chris Angel mind freak float thing where he's just actually up on one like tippy toe.
And he's like, I'll try, I'll try later.
I want to look in the holes.
The empty ones are the ones that have been filled.
Yeah, so it's about four feet deep, about two feet wide, about three feet long.
Yeah, he could drop something in here real good.
Inside is dirt and some rock from the local under what the rock that's under the ground kind of rocks.
Oh, city stone.
Yeah. You would recognize it as a highlight.
Oh, this is a beautiful specimen of highlight here.
That's the kind of thing Shelley would know.
Okay, well, while you're jizzing over that, I'm going to go take a look at this Ford Escort.
Ford Escort.
Back out in the parking lot, Meat Hook is seeing this Ford Escort in this parking lot with only your two other cars.
No one else is around. It's really silent here. You hear some crickets.
Is it unlocked?
When you go up to it, you see that it is locked.
Looking through the windows, you see that there are zines all over the ground called Gnathic News, spelled with a silent G.
Gnathic News.
I think that Meat Hook would know all about Gnathic News.
Gnathic News is a local zine to the city and it is all about like Bigfoot and UFOs and is about any other cult things that are happening within the city.
Amateur shit. Of course that stuff's real. Do you even need to write about it anymore?
Vincente likes the idea of looking in the car because that's where we get the stuff to drop into the holes, of course.
So he is going to try to break into the car and steal some items.
Real criminology.
Yeah, I was going to say, as you walk up, you see this leather jacket studded elbow go smashing into the backseat window.
Oh my God. So I only have a 10 criminology, but I got a 4.
So as Meat Hook smashes this back window at the exact same time...
Vincente knows exactly how to get into the 2001 Ford Escort and he is kind of just like very quickly does something with the handle and it pops open.
Yeah, you Fonzie the side of the door in the right spot.
It's got one of those like old number padlocks, but it's from 2001 so it's just very clear that the code is 1234.
Right. That's the ones that all the numbers are like faded off of and then the window crashes.
Little, little pieces of glass just bust into this Ford Escort just ruining the person's day who owns this car.
Oh, didn't see you there.
Yeah, I've got a pretty good stealth, so I sneak up on people sometimes. See anything cosmic or cool back there?
Hit me with those searches.
Just a classic Gnathic news. Nothing going on here. That's not enough.
Gnath enough.
Oh no, that's a crit fail. Oh wait, no, that's a nine. It's a 69.
That's a crit success.
That's a good one.
Because that's a crit success.
Yeah, I got a 55 on a 40 so I did crit fail.
But we do occasionally forget that 96 is a crit fail.
We always forget that and so with the 69 that is going to completely outweigh the critical failure on the part of Vincenzi Bori.
So you just saved him a D4 of damage cutting himself on the glass that you busted through there.
Couldn't she use it on cool shit in the car instead?
Oh, she's definitely going to use it on cool shit in the car instead.
It applies to everything.
It's situationally excellent all around.
So as you go through this car you find there's an avoided ID for a Rowan Fitzpatrick.
I was under the assumption that this was Dr. Brock Hockgrave's car. Oops.
Shout out to Marie from North Carolina.
Oh, hey Marie.
Hey Marie, what's up?
Marie Marie.
Discord super mod.
Absolute brilliant person, kind tea drinker Marie. Thank you.
She's threatened to ban me from the Discord before so fuck you Marie.
Just kidding.
No, I agree with Marie too.
She should have done it a long time ago.
It is naughty in there and it is not Patreon exclusive so no matter what if you're a listener and you want to join the Patreon get on in there and have some fun.
He meant Discord.
What did I say?
Do join the Patreon.
Join the Patreon for not free.
Join the Discord for free.
And pay us money when you join the Discord.
When you get your Escalade stretch limo join the Patreon.
Right.
So Rowan Fitzpatrick on this ID is five foot seven, 32 years old, curly red hair, dark circles under their eyes.
They are wearing a brat pit band tee and tweed blazer over the top of it.
Do I know this person?
I mean they got a Nothic News in their car.
How familiar are you with Nothic News?
I know like everybody who's ever written there I'm pretty sure.
So yeah you would know Rowan Fitzpatrick works at the perfect print which is where they make Nothic News.
Well I've gotten my zines printed now and then so that makes sense.
Exactly.
So you've run into Rowan a couple times they're just like an androgynous dude and they're 30 somethings hanging out making zines talking to people about Bigfoot and UFOs in a very monotone voice.
This dude is maybe the most boring conspiracy theorist I've ever met Vincente.
You don't happen to have his phone number memorized do you?
I assume you don't have a cell phone.
Of course I don't have a cell phone. That's how they get you. They're triangulating you all the time.
You think I want them knowing my every move? The lizard people.
In the city I am the they to worry about.
You've got your hand reached back meatloaf like in between.
Meatloaf?
But I won't do that.
Meatloaf's here too.
I wasn't upset.
Hey it's Meatloaf.
Alright and so you got your hand just like deep in the like backseat crevice.
Paradise by the dashboard lights you know what I mean?
You whip out a business card. It is for the occult and unnatural investigative journalism association.
It says Rowan Fitzpatrick and it has a phone number.
I found the number. Here you go use your fancy cellular telephone on this Vincente.
Vincente puts his reading glasses on and pulls out his like iPhone 2 and is like
yeah can you read those numbers off to me? And he's like holding it really close to his face and he plugs in the numbers.
4206969.
4206969 area code 836.
Nice got it.
Send. Call. Loudspeaker. Taylor's voice.
We're gonna cut to the woods where Jimmy Corrigan and Shelly St. Blythe are standing.
What are you guys doing as you're looking at these holes?
Oh well as soon as I see there's nothing in the holes I look up Trigate Supply and give them a call.
I want to be taking in some of our surroundings. I realize we didn't do that when we got here.
Is the tower lit up tonight and is there any signs that somebody's been in or out near the front door?
When you said the tower light I assumed you meant like a flashing airplane light that's still on it right?
Yeah.
Just like blinking.
But there could still be lights inside.
And the generator like fucks up and like twitches out.
Is it on?
No.
But it's fucking cool and it is but not right now.
Then he's doing his anthropological work to see if he can figure out if there was any more to these holes than writing a message.
Was there a reason these holes are here?
What do you make of these holes doc? Do they look like your standard anthropological holes?
It's a 51 on a god damn 50.
I ain't gonna do it.
I don't understand why he would have been digging here. There's nothing of significance in this area.
I don't uh...
It's baffling to me.
He probably did it just to send the message.
As you call Tri-Gate Supply it's like 1045pm and you get a message.
Hey this is Tri-Gate Supply. No, new voice.
That was new.
Yeah, this is Tri-Gate Supply. If you leave your name and number I'll get on back with you.
Beep.
Our normal business hours are Monday through Monday 8am 430pm.
My name isn't important. Who I am is not important.
But I do have a very particular set of skills. Or whatever the fuck he says. I've never actually seen taken.
I need to know what you're doing with Dr. Brock Hargrave. Call me back immediately at 421-6868.
And as you hang up you hear a phone ringing in the treeline just off to the side.
And you hear scuttling and someone like trying to silence their phone.
I mean I've got a pistol drawn and I'm running towards the treeline.
Hello do you consent to being recorded?
And you see an androgynous 5'7 30-something with unkempt curly red hair and dark circles under their eyes.
Wearing a brat pit tee. Yes, still. Cuffed straight-legged jeans, Doc Martens and a tweed blazer.
And when they're holding out this Panasonic RN-163 micro cassette recorder.
Hello do you consent to being recorded?
Who the hell are you?
My name is Rowan Atkinson. I am sorry.
That's not his name.
My name is Mr. Bean.
You got real beans for brains, kid. You could get killed out of here late at night.
Vincente is still ringing. I don't know.
I don't know what's going on.
Hello this is Rowan Fitzpatrick's phone. Please leave your number and I will call you back at an appropriate time.
Leave a message and tell him you're going to kill him.
I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. What else? What else?
If he doesn't come clean about...
If you don't come clean about the...
Everything. I'll kill you.
And I'll burn down the perfect print too.
Give him a callback number.
And my callback number is 4226767.
Perfect.
Bye. Bye. Have a good one.
Bye.
I guess maybe we should go... Well, I'm going to grab two things out of this car because there's two holes that we need to drop stuff in.
Yeah, what do you find? What is some stuff you'd want to drop in a hole?
It's a little tiny figurine of Bigfoot and a...
A giant figurine of Bigfoot.
Like a carnival stuffed animal Bigfoot.
Does there happen to be a lucky rabbit foot around the mirror I could grab?
Yes. I do so.
What do you do with it?
She gets another point of luck.
Smell it.
In the pocket it goes.
Cutting back. They've got their recording device out to you.
I snatch it out of his hand.
They have just like a wildly blank face on and they're just, okay, so is that a no?
Okay, I'm going to ask you again. Are you trying to get yourself killed? What the fuck are you doing out here tonight?
I am not trying to get myself killed. I am doing investigative journalism and research. Why are you here? What brought you to these woods?
I live in these woods.
Have you seen the man digging here?
With the hat.
Cowboy hat.
Cowboy hat. He likes it.
Shiny little shovel.
Do you know Dr. Hargrave?
Why are you here?
That's part of why we're here.
I am investigating what he has been up to. He has been seeming very sketchy.
How do you know Dr. Hargrave?
Immediately they've got a card in your face and it says the Occult and Unnatural Investigative Journalism Association, Rowan Fitzpatrick.
Yeah, you told us you were an investigator. How do you know Dr. Hargrave? He said he'd been acting weird lately.
Yes. He did not come to the meeting last night.
His body a little, you little spooky club?
I followed him and I saw him with the shovel and then I saw the holes in the ground after he left.
He does scare me a bit when he, I mean you know him, he is...
A dastardly bastard, yes.
Formidable, yes.
And a bastardly dastard.
We are friends of Dr. Hargrave's. We're trying to get some help for him.
Can you tell me everything you know about his activities in the last few days?
I was staying here to watch for him to come back to see what he was up to.
How long have you been wearing that Brat Pit shirt? Cool shirt.
Ah, thank you. I wear it on Saturdays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Mondays.
Aja heartburn, diarrhea, upset stomach. Ah shit, indigestion, upset stomach.
Knees and toes, yes.
Shelly, what do you think?
So he's been coming here for days now.
I just followed him last night but, and then Rowan, they kind of point to the holes in the ground.
I mean it takes a long time to dig holes so...
So about a hole a night.
Maybe two, three holes a night, you know, if he was up for it.
That's what she said.
Thank you.
I would like to sneak up from the side and sort of flank Rowan and then tackle him.
Stab him in the back six or seven times.
Just a regular tackle.
Yeah, go ahead and roll stealth to get that sneaky sneak.
Okay. Ooh, yeah, 2650.
They failed with a 48.
And that's a D4 minus one?
That is indeed.
Oh, I do one.
But I'm more trying to grapple them to the ground than hurt them.
You take Rowan Fitzpatrick directly to the ground and they are like,
Oh my goodness, the smell.
And that's like the first thing that they say is their face kind of hits into the soft, you know, summer humid ground below.
Sewage, water.
There's no sewage up in this area. It's kind of nice up here.
You can still kind of smell the sewage from the parking lot a little bit, but not as bad up here.
That's right. I'll know how to make him pass out and put my armpit over his mouth.
This is like the same as chloroform.
Rowan, you boring motherfucker. Tell us, what'd you do with Hargrave?
I removed my armpit so he can talk.
I did nothing to Hargrave. I am here to watch. I think like you all are also here to do.
And how come you didn't print my last zine? You cut the corners off.
The corners had the most foul images I had ever seen.
People need to see that stuff. It's real.
Why'd you cut the kids corners?
Cost.
I knew it.
The classic reason.
Sorry to lie to you about the images. So, if we're all here to investigate.
All you know is that he was acting funny. You don't know why. You don't know what brought him here.
He is interested in occult and unnatural things, such as I, seemingly such as you all are.
Do people go to this meeting that I heard you talking about as I snuck up through the woods?
Yes. The Cult and Unnatural Investigative Journalism Association is a tight-knit group of comrades who believe in investigating and making journalism entries into the world about the unnatural and occult findings that we get leads on.
How come nobody ever invited me?
Answer the question.
This is the first time Rowan looks, like, kind of shook. And they're just, like, searching for an answer. You can see it on their face.
You know I always bring snacks to share.
Oh, yeah. We didn't know that you were interested.
That's a load of crap.
A tear wells in Meathook's eye as she turns to the woods, crossing her arms.
No human role needed.
Why would you not invite every, every, since I met this, this little rat kid, everything that they have done has just made me want to be around them. Why in the hell?
What kind of organization are you running that wouldn't want to invite her? I'm mad at you, kid.
She is a perfectly good basement creep.
She's our little basement troll, and we're her surrogate fathers, and we love her. But I'm gonna guess your organization didn't invite her because of the smell.
Yeah.
You guys! That was the three nicest things anybody's ever said to me, or about me in my presence. I accept your surrogate fatherhoods.
Okay, get up off the ground.
Fish face, you're fired from whatever weird position you were holding for me.
Yeah, fish face, honestly, with your fish head on your human body, we didn't understand the age discrepancy, and we would like to ask you to fuck off.
Ghost fish face appears and is like, whoa, no, it hurts, Mr. Stark.
Wait, did fish face get murdered while we were out here? Anyway, we'll deal with that later.
You guys just murdered him out of your lives.
No, look, it's complicated. I never said anything weird about this. I just said I got his van and he raised me.
Zack, when you ghost somebody, you don't make them a specter.
Okay, well, if this guy doesn't have anything else to add, I think I got shit to drop in holes.
I would like to know, what was Hargrave's focus in this group? Did he ask questions of specific things to you?
Exactly, how involved in your group was he?
I would call him a core member for some time, as he used to work with a group of cowboys or something.
I'm sorry, he told you about his work with the cowboys?
Well, yes, because he was changing direction philosophically on how he felt about the unnatural.
Previously, his work had been to get rid of the unnatural, but now he would like it to be more in the light and be written about journalistically to show the people the truth of the world.
I think Shelley and Jimmy share a glance.
Yeah, Jimmy's maybe a little sad, but he pretty quickly hardens.
Gross.
He gets rock hard and says, we're going to have to kill Dr. Brock Hargrave tonight.
I can't say that I don't relish the thought.
Yeah, Dr. Shelley Blythe gets rock hard.
Did he ever say anything to you about happy cow farms? Holy cow farms.
Happy cat factory.
He was rambling at the last meeting he was at and he was talking about...
Was it about his co-worker? Did he eat him?
Did he say anything to you about eating a man whole and contentedly patting his belly?
Wow, no, I know nothing about that, but that sounds like a really cool scene.
I think that I haven't seen him for three or four days now.
Four days, looking back, that was when we had the last meeting and I saw him.
He was rambling when it was his turn to talk about some run of numbers and holy cow farms and something...
What was he calling it? It was...
Hmm...
It was in another language I can't remember.
They're literally scrolling through their phone on their photos and they're like,
Oh, I did take a picture of, yes, here and it's the words, it's words, it's letters.
It's A-N-D-E-N-P-I-L.
A-N-D-E-N-P-I-L.
That is correct.
Space and A was capitalized.
Space, capital Z-V-E, space, capital R-L-O-R-E-N.
Does that mean anything to Shelly?
Go ahead and roll German.
I got German.
Ooh, and I rolled a nine.
Nine on a 50.
Do you actually have German?
I really do. The anthropologist category gives you a foreign language.
And you picked German?
Can I, I want to pull back the curtain. Can I?
I called Zach and I said, Hey, this anthropology thing gives me two languages.
I don't think I'm going to need two languages.
And he says, take German.
That's why just now I was like, roll German.
And he was like, okay. And I didn't say anything.
Because in my mind that just adds up.
I'm sorry, now that the curtain's been pulled back, I can no longer participate in this.
Yeah, I quit. I quit. I was told nothing.
You didn't tell us what language to pick.
None of you called me during my workday.
Whatcha doing?
And in Piel, we love Lauren.
Hey doc, I only speak the tongue of the motherland, but not your motherland.
Mine, Italian.
What the hell does this mean?
German is a little rusty, but it roughly translates to...
It's like you maddle a bit and you realize that the spaces are in the wrong place.
It says, Andenpilsverloren.
Andenpilsverloren.
Ten pills for Lauren.
Lost to the fungus.
Holy show, I don't like that.
It roughly translates to, my god, lost to the fungus.
That's a great band name.
What could that possibly...
Hey Fitzy, what do you know about the fungus?
Hey Meat Hook, do you know anything about the fungus?
Fungus? Yes, that sounds like Meat Hook's alley.
I know a lot of things about a lot of kinds of fungus.
Alright, go ahead and roll a cult, Meat Hook.
Oh? Where did we find this German?
It was taking a picture on Rowan Fitzpatrick's phone from the presentation that Dr. Brock Hargrave most recently gave four days ago at the...
That's right. I was paying full and total attention and that's why I was totally with you.
I rolled a crit fail on a cult.
Got it. Yes, you know all about being lost to the fungus.
So it grows on your toes if you don't clean them good, but if you grow it long enough, then that can be penicillin.
Yes, perhaps he was onto a penicillin. A new penicillin. Penicillin 2, perhaps.
Thank you.
That pursuit of scientific excellence he was lost to the fungus? Did he say anything about penicillin 2 to you?
I don't think he made it as far as you did. He just showed us that. I didn't know that it was German that meant something specific.
Where did he say it was from?
In his presentation, he did not explain the words he showed on the screen.
No, he said that someone was going to be Andenpils v. Rowan soon in this area and that he had narrowed it down.
This sounds like an amazing hip-hop concept though. Lost to the fungus.
It sounds like maybe his friend got lost to this fungus.
Yes, yes. Or maybe he got lost and now he has to eat his friends.
Either way, I think we might find more answers if we go up the tower.
Up the tower, yes. There's telescopes up there. We can drop these stuffed animals into the holes which is what, because I'm not real, the message that we had to follow in the first place.
Oh, hey Vincente. Very cute Bigfoot.
Which one?
Oh, I didn't see the smaller one there.
Thank you. You want to drop it?
I'd rather give them to my children.
Nope. Maybe if they don't do anything in the holes, you can grab them out of there. I don't need them after that.
You'll have a lot of time to get more gifts before you see them again because you hardly ever see them, right?
It's just a vibe I got. I didn't actually know that about your personal life.
Yeah, no, I have a lot of time at home alone to buy gifts for my children or whatever. Please.
Do they paint like I miss daddy during finger painting class when you see them finger painting?
No, they paint a lot of pictures of their mother. I have them this weekend. I had to get a sitter.
Okay. Well, let's hope this elevator works because it's a lot of stairs and you guys are not very good at that.
That was a one-time thing.
Well, we're not going downstairs. We'll see how we are going.
I'm much better going up.
Real fast, now that we know that fungus is on the table, can we just check around, make sure there isn't a giant mushroom?
There's fungus growing around the holes or something.
There's giant Mario mushrooms all over the place.
Yeah, growing out of each of these holes in the ground, no.
This fucking toadstool runs by.
Looking around, yeah, you don't see any mushrooms about, no?
Yeah, that's good.
Except for meat hook.
You notice some of the spikes on her jacket are actually mushrooms.
Just mixed in.
Don't eat that.
As you look at the spikes on her jacket, you see some of the patches on Meat Hook's jacket as well, and they are all about making the unnatural known to the world.
Oh yeah, you notice that? What you looking at? This patch is a good one. I made that myself.
Kid, it's probably time we had the talk.
I was dreading this moment.
Fishface and I had this talk long ago.
No, this is...
I handled it really well.
Fishface won't be bothering you anymore.
Nope, bye.
This seems maybe like a conversation we have at the top of the tower.
I think you're having this conversation as you...
I think Zach introduced the patches for a very specific reason.
As you're heading up to the top of the tower, this conversation is going on.
Are we walking?
Yeah.
I feel like if there's no power...
Yeah, there's no power right now. The lights aren't on, so the elevator doesn't work.
Because Shelly St. Blythe keeps clicking the button over and over like, please, please!
It used to take forever, even back in its heyday. It surely is on its way down.
Roll luck.
Dr. Shelly, it's not happening. If there's one thing I know, it's what buildings without electricity look like.
I rolled an 84.
Yep, no power.
No, it must come. Oh god, no.
Does anyone have any kind of engineering or electrical science?
Electrical science.
Oh, well, I am pretty scrappy. I bet I could shimmy up the lines that...
Don't say shimmy.
If you open the top of the elevator car, climb up on top.
I don't know if that's going to get you up any faster. That's like climbing a rope in gym class, you know?
Yeah, I mean, you could try.
Okay, I will try.
Athletics?
It's a 98.
Oh, I ain't gonna do it.
You are like part of the way up and like a koala, just like stuck, just chilling.
You're like, you know, in your heart of hearts, if you continue to go up, you can try, but it might not go well for you.
You might slide down and hurt yourself.
I gently allow myself to slide back down.
Looks like it's stairs for Meat Hook.
I place the stuffed Bigfoot below just in case.
You know, we have a lot of, we have a very different outlook on life philosophically, but I think you're going to be a good three dad.
Thank you. I already got eight of my own and I've done it a couple of times.
Yeah, I have two.
Meat Hook, I appreciate the effort, but if we must take the stairs, we must take the stairs.
Everyone roll athletics.
Or stairs if you like.
It really feels like that should have been a passive thing last time.
Yeah, it did feel like that, didn't it? And it should this time for sure.
Yep, I failed.
I failed.
I passed.
Jimmy piggyback ride.
I told you, off way the puppets if I'm going to give you another piggyback ride.
So, did Meat Hook succeed or fail?
No, fail.
You can go ahead, Morgan. You can go ahead if you'd like, but everybody else is...
He's just like jogging backwards.
Meat Hook, we did after it's time your three dads told you about the unknowable information you're about to encounter.
All right.
It's bad. All this stuff is very bad. You're right. It's out there.
Everything you know to be true is true.
I know it. This is not much of a revelation for me because I was utterly convinced.
Good work, kid.
Wow.
But here's the thing. Nobody else can know it.
What? Everybody's got to know it.
They're not strong like you.
The feeble little minds will break. Society will collapse.
Maybe that's what we need, to start a better society.
I know it feels like that's probably the case from where you are.
Urchin with nothing.
But we are all fairly comfortable men.
And that would be disastrous for us.
The status quo must remain.
It must.
It's the Delta Green way, unfortunately.
I quite like the life that I've developed for myself here.
You literally just play the worst people.
Who is your father Vincentian going to rob?
If people don't have any more money because they know about all this bad stuff.
Nobody will need to rob in this new utopia.
Everyone will have everything that they need because we'll all understand the truth.
Here's the real truth. As comfortable as we are, humans on their own can't fight these things.
We are quite fragile as individuals.
We can't even walk upstairs on our own.
I don't want to, yeah, I could push you all down right now.
Humanity's ignorance is what keeps them safe from the utter fear if they really embrace the truth.
That's right, kid.
You said it better than we ever could.
Everything I've worked for.
99 flights of the zeitgeist.
Here's the thing though, you can at least continue to discover what is true.
And share it amongst your, what's that little shack called that you live in?
The hold?
That's it.
You can tell everybody in the hold. You can make your zines.
That's literally all we're talking about here.
Well, she's been making these zines anyway, nobody reads it.
It gives me pause that you don't understand what we're talking about here.
Which is the real information, the truth.
She can make her zines about Bigfoot.
Right, yeah, just not this stuff.
I see, but I can talk about it with all of my dads.
You can talk about it with your three dads.
You can talk to us about anything, yes, of course.
And there's still a lot of truth to discover that I don't know.
I don't know why the stars aligned to show me zines.
I'm still trying to figure it out and you can help me.
That's the thing, when we move into the penthouse you won't just have to stay in the basement.
You can go up every night.
You can look in the stars and see the zines that they show us.
And look at the telescope.
And also, it kind of is nice to know what other people don't.
It's like, I have a lot of money and a lot of other people don't and that makes me feel good.
So you would share with me your privilege for me to be complacent about other people's misfortune too?
That's exactly what we're offering.
It's beautiful.
I'm so conflicted and yet the answer is definitely yes.
Okay. Welcome.
As soon as we get out of here we're getting you a real leather jacket, not this faux leather bullshit.
I made it out of tofu.
Yeah, it looks like it's melting in a number of places.
It definitely smells that way.
No, you can age tofu.
You can teach me this process once we drop these stuffed animals into the holes.
And maybe run into a mushroom man.
You got it dad three.
Hell yeah. Can I be dad one though?
I don't know. What have you got to offer for that position?
It is Shelly's townhouse. I figured he'd be dad one.
It's only reasonable, yes.
I'd be gun dad. You could be crime dad.
You're kind of right. I do have eight children of my own that I don't really spend time with.
So you can be the number one time spent child, but still there's not going to be a ton of time. I'm a very busy man.
Vincenzi's probably not going to be in your life a whole lot.
But the telescope will always have the telescope.
And I want to look around this restaurant for the telescope.
I follow closely because the distance that you've told me I must have makes me want you to be dad number one more than ever.
This is what Vincenzi has done with all his children and it makes him feel so powerful.
Keep them at arms length so that they want to be close.
Yeah, that's what kids are for.
And as scapegoats in case I get caught doing something.
That's why you got eight of them.
Exactly. I had nine. And now I got...
Hey, and Meat Hook, I got nine again.
That's beautiful. Let's look around this restaurant.
As you guys look around, what you do see immediately is Dr. Brock Hargrave walking up the path.
Thank God.
He's just been patiently waiting behind us while we have this conversation.
He's not in the zeitgeist with you.
He's been making little like asides.
Meat Hook, you can't know these things.
He's outside on the ground below?
He's on the ground below. He's walking up from the parking lot area toward where these holes in the ground are which are kind of directly underneath where you are but still within sight.
And he is walking up with two people and they are both on those like kid leashes.
Are they being dragged or are they leading the way?
They are behind but they are not being dragged on the ground but they are being kind of like forcefully led.
However, they both seem to be passive and just kind of like stumbling forward.
I would like to grab the telescope that I know is in here and aim it at them and then ask Shelley if he recognizes the people.
Do I? No.
God damn Hargrave, he's here. He's with two people. They have leashes and I don't know him.
I can see his big hat and shiny shovel from up here.
It's just like a man and a woman, they seem to be in their mid-thirties and they're just dressed normal like they were maybe out at a bar or something and now they're here.
Kind of stumbling lifelessly behind Dr. Brock Hargrave.
And as he's kind of walking up, he's not looking up or around, he's just looking at these holes. He's got his eyes set directly on these holes in the ground.
I really need to drop these in those holes but I don't want to spook them off.
I don't think that you should immediately notice that Rowan Fitzpatrick has been with you this whole time.
I don't think you should drop those down yet. Shut up. I think we should be quiet.
I agree, but I think maybe you're just saying those things about the Bigfoots because they're your toys.
Also, are you interested in three dads?
You seem a little way with yourself.
Hold on, you just let anybody be your child?
I don't want to be this kid's dad.
No, but they have to be exceptionally lost like this nerd.
No, Rowan is the worst. Do you hear how he doesn't use contractions?
The whole way we were walking back to you guys.
Is that true? I will not say one way or another whether or not I would use-
You fucking freak.
No inflection at all.
I would have in the past, but now I do not.
Yeah, shut up. You're so boring.
Meat Hook, you were so right about this freaking nerd.
Thank you.
Okay, well I am not going to leave even though I feel like I should.
Right, but your voice should leave. Shut up.
How high is this?
How high is the Space Needle?
It's like 25.48 meters.
Why?
That's not very tall.
That's a thousand feet.
It's like eight stories.
Yeah, it's pretty short.
So it's like a sad miniature Space Needle?
Yeah, it's a bummer.
It's the Las Vegas version of the Space Needle.
Even they, I think, have a pretty cool one.
If you stand far away in the picture, it looks bigger.
Giddo, when we get back down there, we're going to take one where you're holding it up.
Have you ever had your picture taken before?
I mean, like, one time somebody nicked a Polaroid around the hold.
Okay, cool. I didn't know if you knew that that steals your soul.
Well, yeah, obviously.
I never let anyone.
They only take pictures in my sleep, you know?
I can't stop them.
Did Fish do that to you?
Fish face.
What? That wasn't me.
Yeah, no, that was a guy named Ralph.
Hey!
Ralph, what the fuck are you doing here?
A lot of weirdos party at this tower at night.
How should we, should we go talk to him? Should we wait for him to come up here?
I feel that we've now located Hargrave. Wasn't that part of our mission? I think that now is the time to act.
Yeah, but I want to see what he's here to do. Can we hide and watch him?
As you all are hiding and watching, he walks up to the two holes that are empty.
Oh fuck!
And he takes his shovel that he has in his hand.
We should have dug in the other holes.
And he sticks it in the ground.
And then he pulls a pipe out of his pocket and lights the bottom of it.
An acrid smell begins to rise up toward the top.
He's smoking the crystal.
And he starts shaking his head violently.
He pulls out a syringe and he stabs it into the arm of the leashed man who already seemed out of it and is now swaying slowly side to side.
And Hargrave takes a deep breath as he pulls a bit on the man's lead and he positions the swaying man a bit closer to himself than the still leashed woman.
And that's when Dr. Brock Hargrave shoves one of his fingers deep into his own ear.
Wiggles it around and then puts that whole eerie finger into his own mouth wrapping his lips around the bottom knuckle and sucking.
When you all see the head of the clearly sedated swaying man do like a slow motion snap to attention.
And he reaches out toward the torso of Dr. Brock Hargrave who just stands there and watches as this dude scoops into Hargrave's abdomen with both hands.
Like he's doing the breast stroke or walking through a beat curtain.
And he crawls into the belly of Dr. Hargrave and disappears from view entirely.
What? Is this true enough for you kid? In fact this is just more of your anti-meth propaganda.
This Christian anti-meth propaganda.
That's a much sillier than what I thought happened in the kitchen.
He just got on in there. Climb on in my belly.
What was that fish face?
Goodbye. Goodbye.
If at some consolation I was thinking the same thing
I am now mechanization All my muscles work like swings
Is this something that would not affect me?
I think this is something where it's the end of the episode.
I knew that. How did you not know your cliffhanger voice?